README.md, before:

# Three-Black-Queens (1st Place Winner!)
AI Chess Engine Submission for DSU's AI Chess Competition!

## Description
This is a improved version of the minimax algorithm implementation in the form of a chess engine. It was created within 2 weeks as a submission by 3 undergraduates at DSU majoring in Artificial Intelligence. Functions added include tools like: 
- Transposition table w/ storing and probing functionalities
- Piece square tables
- evalutation helpers (king safety, pawn structure, mobility, positional, and center control)
- Mobility is dynamic, how many legal moves are possible for each square
- Positional is static, where the pieces are and how good they are 
- Get game phase, determines whether it is opening, middle game, or end game 
- Phase weights (helps determine phase based on importance of each piece)
- Order moves (move ordering for optimization)
- Is defended (determines if a piece is defended)
- Is outposted (determines if a pawn cannot be attacked)
- Credits go to Wyatt (https://github.com/TheeErnie) and Burke (https://github.com/synth-mania)

## Teammates
The team included Connor Brenner (https://github.com/cnnrbrnnr), Ethan Savage (https://github.com/Ethan-Savage), and Sureh San (https://github.com/SurehSan). 

## End Result/Lessons Learned
Throughout the 2 weeks of the competition, we improved in our soft skills aswell as our technical skills:
- Python techniques such as utilizing new libraries (chess, chess.pyglot, Interface, etc)
- Documentation reading aswell as creating clean documentation
- Teamwork, communication, and collaboration
- Algorithmic Skills 
- Learning and applying chess logic to tangible code

Additionally, we won FIRST PLACE and recieved a Raspberry Pi 4 kit as a prize, which we are in the process of applying to a computer vision project!

## How to run the bot!
To run with output in terminal, run python -m compeition_moderator /path/to/white/bot /path/to/black/bot. To run with graphical output, run ./visualize.sh /path/to/white/bot /path/to/black/bot. Note: if running with gui, press f to toggle fullscreen.
- You can make the bot face against itself, against your own bot, or against the demo bot (simple mini max)

Commit message:

Revise credits section in README
Updated credits to include original boilerplate file creators.

README.md, after:

# Three-Black-Queens (1st Place Winner!)
AI Chess Engine Submission for DSU's AI Chess Competition!

## Description
This is a improved version of the minimax algorithm implementation in the form of a chess engine. It was created within 2 weeks as a submission by 3 undergraduates at DSU majoring in Artificial Intelligence. Functions added include tools like: 
- Transposition table w/ storing and probing functionalities
- Piece square tables
- evalutation helpers (king safety, pawn structure, mobility, positional, and center control)
- Mobility is dynamic, how many legal moves are possible for each square
- Positional is static, where the pieces are and how good they are 
- Get game phase, determines whether it is opening, middle game, or end game 
- Phase weights (helps determine phase based on importance of each piece)
- Order moves (move ordering for optimization)
- Is defended (determines if a piece is defended)
- Is outposted (determines if a pawn cannot be attacked)
- Credits go to Wyatt (https://github.com/TheeErnie) and Burke (https://github.com/synth-mania) for creating the original Chess Competition boilerplate files: https://github.com/DSU-AI-Club/ai-chess-bot

## Teammates
The team included Connor Brenner (https://github.com/cnnrbrnnr), Ethan Savage (https://github.com/Ethan-Savage), and Sureh San (https://github.com/SurehSan). 

## End Result/Lessons Learned
Throughout the 2 weeks of the competition, we improved in our soft skills aswell as our technical skills:
- Python techniques such as utilizing new libraries (chess, chess.pyglot, Interface, etc)
- Documentation reading aswell as creating clean documentation
- Teamwork, communication, and collaboration
- Algorithmic Skills 
- Learning and applying chess logic to tangible code

Additionally, we won FIRST PLACE and recieved a Raspberry Pi 4 kit as a prize, which we are in the process of applying to a computer vision project!

## How to run the bot!
To run with output in terminal, run python -m compeition_moderator /path/to/white/bot /path/to/black/bot. To run with graphical output, run ./visualize.sh /path/to/white/bot /path/to/black/bot. Note: if running with gui, press f to toggle fullscreen.
- You can make the bot face against itself, against your own bot, or against the demo bot (simple mini max)
